It will be people would come Yes er everyone's Thank you for me to see the aquarium videos
There
I'm introducing you today, is n't it-
8 Could it is here
Three kinds of mushroom beef bowl
Nanami
4 and there outside
Here is I Detsu
Hey ping
As I finished the first canyon, 2 was a little vacant earlier .
I may not know if this amount is accurate
I think I 'm okay but
I held a little bit of wind First of all without a card
Toy early story
This
I applied
It's a little spilled in
It places also has become to the beds available
You'll be working on it. I like this kind of feeling
Three kinds of mushrooms
masochist
Well good Do this was anyone of thanks was cousin
Open
And
mushroom
To ordinary
Immediately before eh
It is immediately before
High 3 sun
Part 2
Is it written
Ah ah ah ah
A family of people with 3 kinds of mushrooms not written is not written
It has been limited for a while
Yes I have not written that it is good to reduce
It is feeling that killed people who are interested in 5 stars
I want to give you
Haon
Do you draw a little more
What whether this Korekore say of I is whether this I shot cat
It feels like
It Is was we introduce today by saying Thank you Yes
There are three kinds of mushroom squeezed by suke
There are four sides
I met you